Add option to cache user for access token (#13)
humanmade/delegated-oauth2: README.md

For Cookie auth to work correctly you must create an OAuth 2 application on the upstream WordPress site. Do so using the `home_url( '/hm-delegated-auth-callback' )` as the Callback URL, and configure this plugin with the Client ID in the PHP constant `HM_DELEGATED_AUTH_CLIENT_ID`.

Note that if you are using multisite, this must use the home URL for the main site so that the callback URL is the same for the whole network. Delegated Auth then redirects internally between sites as necessary.

## Caching Access Token Authentication

> Check the upstream WordPress site on each HTTP request to validate the OAuth 2 access token can cause significant load. Delegated Auth support locally caching the access token validation for a short period of time, so not every request causes an upstream HTTP request. To enable this functionality, define the `HM_DELEGATED_AUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN_CACHE_TTL` constant with an integer value in seconds. For example, to cache Access Token validation for 60 seconds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checking the upstream WordPress site on each HTTP request to validate the OAuth 2 access token can cause significant load. Delegated Auth supports locally caching the access token validation for a short period of time, so not every request causes an upstream HTTP request. To enable this functionality, define the `HM_DELEGATED_AUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN_CACHE_TTL` constant with an integer value in seconds. For example, to cache Access Token validation for 60 seconds:
```
